c0 = "This course introduces ethical hackers and penetration testers to Kali Linux. It will show IT professionals how to use the ethical hacking techniques and how to conduct a professional penetration test workflow using the Skid Army Knife operating system Kali Linux."
c1 = "Hack Yourself First is all about developers building up cyber-offense skills and proactively seeking out security vulnerabilities in their own websites before an attacker does."
c2 = "OWASP Top 10 The Big Picture is all about understanding the top 10 web security risks we face on the web today in an easily consumable, well-structured fashion that aligns to the number one industry standard on the topic today."
c3 = "This is the initial stage in gaining a blueprint of the security profile of a target, and it is accomplished in an organized manner. Reconnaissance is one of the three pre-attack phases, and results in a unique profile of an organization's networks and systems."
c4 = "This course takes you through everything from understanding the SQL syntax used by attackers, basic injection attacks, database discovery and data exfiltration, advanced concepts, and even using injection for network reconnaissance and running system commands."
c5 = "It's time to learn how to dig around what you've found for important, relevant data in preparation for your attacks"
c6 = "Enumeration is the first official attack at your target. Enumeration is the process of gathering information that might include user names, computer names, network shares, services running, and other possible points of entry."
c7 = "In this course, we'll look at various attack vectors in web servers. These include exploiting misconfigured servers, leveraging weaknesses in unpatched environments, compromising weak SSL implementations and much, much more."
c8 = "In this course, we'll look a range of different security paradigms within web applications both conceptually and in practice. They'll be broken down into detail, exploited, and then discussed in the context of how the attacks could have been prevented."
c9 = "In this course, you will learn to understand and apply fundamental concepts of cryptography, the learner will understand requirements for cryptography, understand and support secure protocols, and will gain an understanding of how to operate and implement cryptographic systems."
c10 = "You need to keep your network protected from attackers. This course will help you to understand how network sniffing works and how to keep your information secure."
c11 = "Session persistence is a fundamental concept in information systems. On the web, for example, which is dependent on the stateless HTTP protocol, session persistence is a key component of features ranging from shopping carts to the ability to logon."
c12 = "In this course, we'll look at various different social engineering techniques that can be used to compromise systems. We'll also look at both computer-based and behavior-based tools to help defend against this risk."
c13 = "After we've done our research, we've found our target, and identified its services, shares, users and resources, it's time to take total and complete control of this box."
c14 = "In this course, you'll explore various ways DoS attacks are constructed and the weaknesses they exploit in order to be successful. You'll also delve into defensive patterns to help protect services from malicious attacks"
c15 = "In this course, you'll learn the hacking methods that can be used to gain access to your network and how to best lower that security risk."
c16 = "This course will take you deep into the dark alley of how malware is used and deployed. We'll also dive into how Trojans and backdoors work. We'll look at what their purpose is, the signs that you have one, and how attackers cleverly hide them."
c17 = "This course looks at how security defenses such as intrusion detection systems, firewalls, and honeypots are intended to work and how attackers typically circumvent them."
c18 = "Most folks have approached mobile devices with the attitude of if it works, syncs, and plays games, I'm good. Overlooking this side of technology will lead you into one day appearing on an online video with the words FAIL plastered across your face."
c19 = "If you know the basics of networking but have been mystified by firewalls, this course is for you. This course will give you the detailed fundamentals of how a stateful firewall operates and how it functions in a network."
c20 = "Browser security headers provide a means for websites to describe how they should behave when loaded into the client. By specifying expected and allowable behaviors, security headers can thwart a number of otherwise serious attacks against websites."
c21 = "In this course, we will walk through the basics of Wireshark. Because Wireshark only captures what it sees on the network, we will also describe common protocols, and examine their operation using Wireshark captures."
c22 = "Improve your network behavior troubleshooting skills and knowledge of protocols with this course. Youll use Wireshark to observe protocol logic, examine ICMP messages, capture DHCP traffic, and learn about basic DNS operation and how TCP operates."
c23 = "This course breaks down the technical subjects of computer memory management, controlling code, and data inside of a running program, and exploiting poor quality software into terms that IT people with no software development experience can understand."
c24 = "This course introduces how to move from novice scripting to professional penetration testing, by using the cross-platform programming language, Python."
c25 = "Using Metasploit and some associated tools, you will be able to simulate attacks whether from inside or external to the network."
c26 = "In this course, well look at CloudFlare's free service"
c27 = "Recent years have seen a massive explosion in the growth of rich client apps that talk over the web using APIs across HTTP, but unfortunately, all too often they contain serious security vulnerabilities that are actually very easy to locate."
c28 = "In this course, you will learn to understand the risk management process, perform security assessment activities, operate and maintain monitoring systems, and analyze monitoring results."
c29 = "The Check Point Security Administration Course will prepare network engineers to deploy the network security solution trusted by 100% of all Fortune 100 companies worldwide"
c30 = "Course from coursera which talks about all sorts of software security risks, ranging from XSS to code injection, NOP sleds, etc"
c31 = "Course from coursera, talks about the hardware attack vectors"
c32 = "Bitcoin & Cryptocurrency tech"
c33 = "In this course, I'll cover basics of language syntax; declaring variables, classes, building expressions using operators and functions; and work up to templates, pointers, const, and polymorphism."
c34 = "In this course you'll draw on your C++ Fundamentals knowledge to explore a number of ways to ensure your applications are implemented in Modern C++, not C-With-Classes or other old-style idioms. You'll take advantage of the Standard Library and write code that is future proof and safe."
c35 = "In this course, you will learn all you need to know to get started programming with this powerful language that can be used for creating web applications or Windows 8 applications. This course assumes no prior programming experience."
c36 = "In this course, you will learn all you need to know to get started programming with this powerful language that can be used for creating web applications or Windows 8 applications. This course assumes no prior programming experience."
c37 = "By the time this course is over you'll have the knowledge you need to start writing your own HTML from scratch"
c38 = "This course will cover presentational uses of jQuery such as selecting elements, manipulating and traversing the DOM, basic and custom jQuery animation, event handling."
c39 = "In this tutorial we'll learn how to use CSS to style a resort website from scratch."
c40 = "This course demonstrates how to use the essential abstractions of AngularJS, including modules, controllers, directives, and services."
c41 = "Learn to build an end to end application with Angular, Node, Express and Mongo"
c42 = "In this course you will learn the basics of building an ExtJS web application."
c43 = "Python Fundamentals gets you started with Python, a dynamic language popular for web development, big data, science, and scripting."
c44 = "Python - Beyond the Basics deepens and broadens your knowledge of Python, a dynamic language popular for web development, big data, science, and scripting."
c45 = "Basics of Ruby 2.0"
c46 = "Backbone.js is a set of tools that gives structure to client-side web applications. It helps us write clean, maintainable JavaScript applications."
c47 = "Part 1 of 3 in the Cisco CCNA Security (640-554) series will teach you how to identify, lockdown, and secure vulnerabilities in a small to medium enterprise branch network."
c48 = "Part 2 of 3 in the Cisco CCNA Security (640-554) series. This course will teach you how to identify, lockdown, and secure vulnerabilities in a small to medium enterprise branch network."
c49 = "Part 3 of 3 in the Cisco CCNA Security (640-554) series will teach you how to identify, lockdown, and secure vulnerabilities in a small to medium enterprise branch network."
c50 = "In this course, we perform a comprehensive survey of all interior and external personal computer (PC) hardware. The subject matter maps to every objective in the Hardware domain of the CompTIA A+ 220-901 certification exam."
c51 = "This course covers every Windows Operating Systems domain objective in the CompTIA A+ 220-902 exam blueprint."
c52 = "In this course, we perform a comprehensive survey of all interior and external personal computer (PC) hardware. The subject matter maps to every objective in the Hardware domain of the CompTIA A+ 220-901 certification exam."
c53 = "This course covers every Windows Operating Systems domain objective in the CompTIA A+ 220-902 exam blueprint."
c54 = "This course covers every objective from the Mobile Devices domain of the CompTIA 220-901 certification exam."
c55 = "This course fully prepares you for the Networking domain of the CompTIA A+ 220-901 certification exam."
c56 = "The student learns the basic building blocks of Ethernet networks and emerges with an excellent, well-rounded understanding of computer networking fundamentals."
c57 = "Network operations is really the magic that makes IT systems work. This course will walk the viewer through many of the primary technologies used to make surfing the web possible."
c58 = "CompTIA Security+ (2014 Objectives) prepares networking and IT professionals with the knowledge and skills required to identify risk, to participate in risk mitigation activities, and to provide infrastructure, application, information, and operational security."
c59 = "Learning to work with and master multiple Linux distributions. This is the 1st of 4 courses that will prepare you for the LPIC-1 and CompTIA Linux+ certification."
c60 = "The command line is one of the most important tools for a Linux/UNIX power user. Bash is the default login shell on Linux and Mac OS, and adding it to your skillset will open up a whole new world of possibilities."
c61 = "Bash shell scripts allow you to automate just about any task on a UNIX system. They combine the power of all the UNIX userland utilities with a powerful scripting language. Whether you are a system administrator, a developer or a power user, shell scripts will make you more productive."
c62 = "Mastering the command line is so important when it comes to managing the Linux Server. Very often there will be no GUI and all access is via SSH from PuTTY or another client. You will soon learn the speed at which tasks can be achieved from the CLI and why it is so powerful."
c63 = "In this course, we'll review how to create new projects, import media, and build sequences in Adobe Premiere Pro CC."
c64 = "We'll begin this course by learning about some of the basic features of the video portion of the timeline panel where we'll learn how to import video clips and do some basic editing."
c65 = "Throughout this tutorial, we will learn all about the plethora of color correcting and grading tools found within Adobe's video editing application, Premiere Pro."
c66 = "Action Scene Editing Techniques in Adobe Premiere Pro -- http://www.mediafire.com/download/0gu7x007mpaclwd/Action+Scene+Editing+Techniques+in+Adobe+Premiere+Pro.rar"
c67 = "The software required for the video editing courses"
c68 = "Anyone can write code a computer can understand, but professional developers write code *humans* can understand. Clean code is a reader-focused development style that produces software that's easy to write, read and maintain."
c69 = "Brad Wilson creates a subscription billing system under the gun - using TDD."
c70 = "This course introduces the business case for Scrum, the core Scrum framework, and and the raw ingredients for bootstrapping Scrum in your organization."
c71 = "In this introductory course on blogging we will go over a few of the basics of blogging and show the way to get started with blogging immediately."
c72 = "In this course, we discuss the essential elements to bringing quality content to the masses, making it popular, and monetizing your effort."
c73 = "In this course, you will be learning about the basics of cloud computing, security best practices for clouds, and other cloud security considerations that will ensure success for your business."
c74 = "Metasploit is an essential tool in the penetration tester's arsenal. This course will teach you the foundations of using the Metasploit Framework to find and verify vulnerabilities in your systems."
c75 = "The C Programming Language course is designed to give you everything you need to become a productive C programmer."
c76 = "This course will provide you with a complete and practical tour of the C programming language and libraries."
c77 = "This course provides complete coverage of the Java programming language and serves as a strong foundation for all Java-based development environments including client-based, server-side, and Android."
c78 = "Learn how to use the popular Fiddler freeware web tracing tool."
c79 = "In this course, we'll look at the ways the cloud can enable us to build more secure software than ever, whilst also identifying where it can leave us more vulnerable. We'll also look at hardening the cloud"
c80 = "This is a fundamental course that provides you with the knowledge that you need to use Wireshark 2.0 to capture packets on any network interface, and to display, navigate, and analyze this packet capture"
c81 = "In this course, you will learn the ins and outs of planning and executing a penetration test against your own or your clients network. This course is a 10,000 foot view of penetration testing"
